Testing 1, 2, 3.
Let's get this done.
So the real question is, how did we get here?
And I think the answer is scripted bullshit.
That's what I think it is.
I think the answer is pretty elaborate scripted bullshit on the internet.
And it's still active right now.
That's the only thing they've got.
I think it's very obvious.
Christy, good to see you.
Soulifier, good to see you.
There's always this dropdown thing here.
Dismiss.
There we go.
Hey, Atari mama was the first in the chat.
Solar fire, garden variety, human, lots of familiar names.
I know that you know this, but we're going to keep going with it.
Science magazine, John Cohen, covered the bird flu vaccines.
And there was some other articles about this new push for mRNA vaccines for bird flu.
The statement was made that these current round of vaccines were using traditional mRNA technology.
I want to address this claim here today that, you know, I'm not only saying that Robert Malone and Dell Bigtree are a joke on America, but actually the number of players that has been enlisted is quite many.
It includes the former vice presidential candidate.
It includes the longtime hero of heroes, the ultimate anti-vaxxer, Andrew Wakefield.
And it includes this new Bitcoin doctor polymath guy, Dr. Jack Cruz.
And so whether he's a witting or unwitting participant, I'm quite sure that
The the best explanation would be that when he reads books, he believes them.
And one of the only books he's read is Dr. Mary's Monkey.
But I don't think that's the case.
I think it's worse than that.
I think it's all really scripted bullshit.
So we've already got, you know, modern and traditional.
Do you believe, you know, because.
I mean, do you still do you believe that some vaccines are good?
OK.
Generally speaking, are you a pro-vaccine person?
Yes.
I think as a hematologist oncologist who took care of immunocompromised patients as an attending for a decade, including many people post-autologous stem cell transplant, I am a extreme pro-vaccine person because these patients who are immunocompromised are extremely vulnerable and they benefit from vaccination in myriad ways.
And we pursue vaccination in people post-transplant
with the same vigor and commitment that pediatricians pursue vaccination.
It's an important thing.
But again, vaccine... In condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
In condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
So it's an illusion of consensus that's created by these people that are recruited, or they get unwittingly absorbed into the narrative, get positive reinforcement from whatever mechanism suits them, or else they disappear.
And so although I've tried very hard to talk to people in all of these organizations, they all agree to ignore me or listen to me and then never, never speak of me again.
And it's not about me.
It's about the biology.
They all want it to be about JJ, but it's not about JJ.
It's about what JJ says.
And more importantly, it's what Brian Hooker says and what Brian Hooker used to say.
The word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged, in condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
And so Brian is one of these guys who had to be absorbed, who has agreed to go along with it.
Maybe it's, you know, he had only a few choices and they weren't very good.
And so it's tough that
It's unfortunate that he's one of the weak points in their narrative, but he is because of his experience more than 16 years as a genetic modifier of plants for use in production of medicine before his child was damaged.
And so his sort of
narrative has changed in the wrong way.
His understanding of this issue has changed in the wrong way.
And it has moved from being a guy who didn't use the word autism because he understood that that's ridiculous with regard to intramuscular injection, but he got closer and closer to just being this guy who I met and understood as a dude who just thought that the way to win was to establish a big top tent of health freedom.
It's been a rude awakening for me because I thought Brian Hooker was a hero.
And I thought a lot of these people were heroes, but they're in fact on a script and you're not going to change it.
You can capture it.
You can sequence it.
You can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
But one thing I am confident of from everything I've read is that this RNA exists.
You can capture it.
You can sequence it.
You can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
More important to understand is that that script was only written by a few of these people, only needs to be understood by a few of these people, and the rest of them just have to jolly well go along for all the benefits of going along with such an international, perhaps NATO-coordinated narrative.
And it is a very, very big pile of scripted bullshit, and it only takes a fraction of the people on the screen to actually be on the script, even a portion of the script, for the rest of the people to get sucked along.
Never mind...
all of the unwitting participants on social media that in addition to not being on script or officially in the cast list, they are also thinking that they're using social media to interact effectively with these people when in fact they are not.
And so it's a very fascinating place that we are right now.
Oh, darn it.
I didn't fix that.
I have to fix that, but I'm not going to do it right now.
I can do it right now.
Why not?
That should be A. And that should be, let's see, let's use this book to focus it.
And we've got to turn it on first.
Oh, it's already focused.
Oh, no.
It should be right here about.
There we go.
Great book.
Awesome book.
Totally exposes everybody and all the narratives of it.
Good morning, everybody.
Welcome to the show.
This is a recent video that was posted.
I don't think the video was like recorded yesterday.
It's from the Maha podcast.
It's Del Bigtree in a lovely jacket and turtleneck combination.
And he's talking to the head or the,
director, or I don't know what she is, Tess Laurie, who is the lady that runs the World Council for Health, which is a very strange organization.
And this woman is a very strange woman that gets promoted in a myriad of ways.
She might be an unwitting participant, but she is an unwitting participant who has been fooled by the rest of these people to accept this narrative that, number one, placebo-controlled trials are the gold standard of pharmaceutical industry, you know, whatever, and they've never been used on the childhood vaccine schedule.
You know, cue the Home Alone pose.
and everybody gets, oh my goodness.
But there is a fundamental problem with this that I pointed out a couple weeks ago because it just hit me in the head then.
But if you know and understand that intramuscular injection in children
is the primary cause or the only cause of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome, and they claim to have known that for a while.
Just like they claim to have known that autism in the cases that they are talking about, most concerned about, does not take months and months to onset, but many of these parents tell a story of an extremely fast change in their kid.
which would not require any long-term placebo-controlled trial.
It might only require a two-week long placebo-controlled trial.
But for the last 15 years, these people have been having an ineffective debate with people like Paul Offit because Paul Offit says long-term placebo-controlled trials are unethical.
because then the kids will get measles, the kids will get pertussis, the kids will get all these diseases that they otherwise would never have to deal with if they just got vaccines.
And so it's unethical to do the things that these people are asking for.
And it is a hamster wheel that if you do not understand its construction, you will get stuck in it just like it appears Teslauri is stuck in it.
differently than you did when you were first looking at it through COVID.
Has your mind shifted on what's going on?
Yeah, I mean, well, I think it's just been amazing to really hear that and to see that there were never placebo-controlled trials done on the childhood vaccine.
So it does, you know, make you do a whole sort of
were those need to stop those injections need to stop until we have some safety day but those are all the injections those injections need to stop those are all the injections what are you talking about then
And so then she goes on to say, they have to stop until what?
That shows that you can not only give one of those and stop, those injections need to stop until we have some safety data that shows that you can not only give one of those injections with all the, you know, two or three different, what do you call it?
Adjuvants, or yeah.
No, you know, like the DPT
See, so she's still struggling to catch up with this narrative.
She's not a biologist and it makes at least somewhat logical sense that maybe it's the combination of vaccines, which is of course what somebody like Suzanne Humphries has been saying for literally a decade.
Something like Brian Hooker has been saying for literally a decade.
And so they're still trying to decide whether it's really a baseball bat to the head that's bad for you, or whether it's our recent, more recent development that we actually hit kids with multiple, we give multiple hits with the baseball bat on the same day.
Because maybe that's the real cause.
Or maybe it's just a cumulative cause of all these other things that are attached to the baseball bat.
You know, like the tape we put around it, or the extra donut for weight, because we're warming up.
Like, what the hell?
is going on here other than Del Bigtree, one of the masters of the hamster wheel, keeping another hamster in the wheel.
you know, three diseases in one sort of thing.
Not only that, but you know, where is the evidence to show you can give them all together?
You know, you can give three at the same time, three injections or two injections.
So, you know, the whole, the cumulative effect has never been studied either.
So that's, you know, that's really important that we stop those.
And World Council of Health put out a cease and, I mean, a statement.
I mean, it's absurd, right?
This is the exact argument that was made back in the UK in the 90s with Andrew Wakefield that maybe we should separate the MMR into the M, the M, and the R. And then at the same time, Merck decided not to make the M anymore.
And that was totally a conspiracy.
And so now, the giant hamster wheel has turned for ten and a half years, and here we are back again.
Now, the rung of the wheels that are holding us in, one of them's the same, one of them's a new one, but it doesn't matter, you can't tell, because it's a cognitive hamster wheel.
It doesn't matter what people are part of it.
You're trapped in it.
And to really recommend to parents to just caution when it comes to childhood vaccines, especially now that the drug companies are big fans of this new genetic technology, these mRNAs and that.
So we're just saying just caution.
You don't need to give your kids anything.
Just keep their immune systems healthy, you know.
and they'll be fine.
Certainly as a mom, I regret vaccinating my children.
They didn't get the COVID shots, but they did get all the childhood vaccinations.
And I know that their health, now I know that their health has suffered as a consequence.
So I regret that and I have to forgive myself for that because I was ignorant and I didn't know any better.
I like this, this is okay, but you know, the problem is, and I want to remind you of how dire the problem is, that if you think that this is getting out on social media, you would be wrong.
And social media is exquisitely designed to make sure that only people that hear this are the people that already believe it.
And she may not even be aware of that, but that's how she was used for the last five years.
That's how they would have used me had I gone along with the lab leak and the Wuhan cover-up book and put that on my merit badge list.
And I assure you, that is how this is sustained.
And the moment you get off social media and no longer allow them to put you under the spell that the truth about the childhood vaccine schedule is starting to leak out.
Please recall that at one point in time, Peter McCullough dared to say that on some random Christian podcast, that if I was gonna do it again, I don't think I would give my kids any of the vaccines on the schedule.
And he never said it again.
Never.
I just want to say to all the mums and dads out there who feel the same, you know, and you're just kicking yourself, don't worry.
You know, we're all on a learning journey and we're all in this together and it'll all be OK in the end.
so that video was actually shared with this video and they were put up and down from each other in social media so it even made it worse because it seemed like Del and Tess and Jimmy and Mary are a four-person consensus about something
And they're not.
It's two separate videos, but because when you acquiesce to social media, all kinds of mind games can be played.
This was put together as a consensus of four people agreeing on the same thing, that they're lying about stuff.
But they're not specific enough to make any real logical progress.
And even the ones
who will give you the excuse that they were taught the standard biology in medical school.
Hey, let me just say this one out loud.
I went to college too.
I got a PhD to learn about the brain and everything that I learned about the brain, I understand it in the context of the limitations of the questions and the irreducible complexity of the brain.
I never, ever,
wandered around in my lifetime claiming to be an expert in the human body, human physiology, and human health.
That's what an MD does.
So if somebody taught you how a car works, but it's not how the car works, and you never bothered to learn enough to figure out that you didn't learn it right at tech school, what does that say about you as a mechanic going through the daily grind at the garage?
Cars coming in, cars going out, and your sort of understanding of the world has this one big hole in it because the stuff that they told you at tech school is not true.
How is it possible that we're not going to allow doctors to get away with this idea where Callie or Casey Means reads this list of what I didn't learn in med school, and then now what?
You're the one who decided you wanted to be an expert in human physiology.
You're the one who decided that you had the big brain to be a brain surgeon.
And if you didn't figure this out over the course of your own work, because you took responsibility as a master or would-be master, then it's pretty pathetic that you're here right now in 2025 and you still can't say it succinctly enough so that a high school senior could go, oh, I get it.
And the reason why that is, is because they're still trapped.
I think Mary is trapped.
I think Jimmy is bought.
Let's see what you think.
Isn't it amazing to you how much they've been able to get people to go along with the big pharma propaganda about the carve out for vaccines?
Well, I was, I'm kind of mad at myself because I never questioned it.
I remember- Very good, Mary.
See, I think Mary could be still trapped.
And it sounded like Tess was also kind of trapped.
You should be mad at yourself, but more importantly, you should realize that that was because you were surrounded by an illusion of consensus that's been created by only a few people being in on the scam.
It is a system-wide consensus that still exists for obvious things like PCR diagnostics.
And so if Mary is still truly trapped, there's still a chance we can throw a rope down to the cave and she can climb out.
And if she were to climb out,
Holy shit, when we have an ally.
Learning about it in medical school, and it was presented as a great victory for vaccines, because vaccines were protected, and it was the gospel according to vaccines.
There was no discussion of any kind of issues, side effects, dangers at all with vaccines.
It was just taken as a fact that vaccines are safe and effective, and they deserve this special protection.
so that nothing could happen to them.
They'd never have a threat to go away.
I never questioned... See, it's kind of a weak excuse, right?
It starts to really fall apart once she starts to talk out loud about it because, again, you're not thinking about the biology.
You accepted something.
and you accepted something that was fundamentally contradictory to everything else you would learn in med school, presumably, about the barriers of the skin and how to respect them and about the, you know, ingestion and the liver and the lymph and all this other stuff, Peyer's patches.
I guess you learned about a lot of things that would
that would be contradictory to this blank slate given to vaccines.
Now, what's funny is that a lot of these people in the fake anti-vax movement have for a long time said that the 1984 Vaccine Act admits that vaccines cause harm.
That's the reason why the law is there.
That's the reason why this lady, her name is, I can see her book down there and I can tell you her name.
Where is it?
Shoot.
Did I pull it off of there now?
It's the one shot in the dark.
Yes.
Her name is Fisher.
Mary, Mary, Barbara, Barbara Lowe Fisher.
Barbara Lowe Fisher says that the 1984 Vaccine Act is, admits that, that, and it's true.
It's in the text that they inevitably cause harm.
And so they need protection.
The manufacturers need protection.
So Mary is still kind of
kind of fumbling the ball here, or at least not adequately informing people about exactly what the rationale is.
It's not just a carve out.
They made a real argument that it was a biosecurity thing, that it was a, and that's how they argue about it in the back room.
If we're not vaccinating anybody, then this will be a national security concern.
So in order to get maximum compliance, we're going to need to do a few things different.
mandating vaccines for children to go to school until the COVID shots came around.
And when you think about it, all medical mandates are fundamentally wrong, but we've gone along with it for so long.
When we take our children and get them shots, vaccinations, only because the school is making us, that's a medical mandate.
And we all did.
We've all.
I mean, I don't know about you.
I can't speak for you.
But the majority of people have gone along with that.
It's hard.
I mean, I don't envy parents of young children because I don't, you know, none of these shots, none of these vaccines have been tested against placebos, saline placebo.
And they haven't been tested where you give six shots in one day.
So it's like a list.
And it's possible that she's not coached on this.
It's possible that that's organic.
But I very, very much doubt it at this point.
Because again, this is a script that somebody like Suzanne Humphreys has been sticking to since the video with Brandy Vaughn and before.
And she has a book from 2013.
Isn't it 13?
Yeah, 2013.
No, no, no, it's not 2013.
It's yeah, yeah, 2013, Dissolving Illusions.
That's the point.
And when they make progress, they make progress on this artificial ladder of logic that was already in place with Children's Health Defense and Mary Holland and James Lyons-Weiler before the pandemic.
These steps were already there.
This bullshit about environmental and genetic causes, it was all there already.
And so all these new people that come off the bench have to climb the ladder from the beginning to the end.
And that's what she seems to be doing.
Now she's realizing, well, maybe it's the combination of shots.
And soon it will be about adjuvants and the toxic tipping point or some shit.
So it's a dilemma.
And what I'm telling my patients is, maybe hold off until hopefully Robert F. Kennedy will straighten that out and we get some real data.
So they all think that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is going to bring some data.
Some data about exactly how many baseball bats to the head are good for kids and how early can we give them.
I think that was the end of that video, and I don't even know what to say.
This is GigaOM Biological.
Thank you very much for joining me.
I want to kind of give another kind of shot for the fence.
Remember that I say that this anticipated rise in all-cause mortality, which is visible in the population pyramid,
was sculpted using murder and sophisticated lies.
Lies about, you know, a viral pneumonia that antibiotics would be inappropriate for, a viral multi-organ syndrome for which antibiotics would be inappropriate, so that if it was also urinary tract infection or kidney failure or any of these other things that happened, they would never treat an infection.
And that resulted in the graph that you see right here, which is a two-year temporary loss in control of death.
And then suddenly right back to baseline, I guess we know, oh, I know how to do pneumonia, that's right.
And so on top of that sculpted additional pneumonia deaths in the conveniently old population that we didn't want to give a lot of Medicaid and Medicare to, we didn't want to give a lot of social security to anyway.
We can use supplementary oxygen to tip them over that viral pneumonia hill, and a lot of these people will die.
But, you know, why stop there?
Because if we stop there, then we'll only have old people dying, and that won't work, because then these people will have a story about how it only affects old people and the vulnerable.
And so we can let opioid deaths go bananas for about five years, and 100,000, give or take, every year, a lot of them below the age of 40, will contribute significantly to a lowered life expectancy, which we can then really hype up and call a novel virus.
And of course, the foundation of all of this belief was that there was some kind of high fidelity molecular biological tool set that we could use to track this novel virus, and in fact, we were.
And this illusion was an elaborate national security, multinational, probably NATO-coordinated theater.
It's about turning these populations into experimental animals.
And you can see it right here.
These are the men and the women in America displayed from ages 0 to 4, all the way up to 100.
And so you can see how our population has changed over the last few decades.
And you can see that there's an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality coming.
where this retirement age group, this number of people that might need extra visits to the hospital, look at it growing, look at it growing, look at it exploding.
You don't think these people saw this coming?
You don't think the big thinkers were gonna use this phenomenon, this anticipated rise in all cause mortality for something?
They put a team of performers with elaborate costumes and effects with all the same script on social media.
and they told us it was a novel virus.
And I think that the former Human Genome Project Research and Development Director Kevin McKernan and Robert Malone are central figures in the American narrative control bullshit operation.
And I think if you have any doubts about whether this population pyramid theory is nonsense or not, you can download the McKinsey Global Institute report that I have on my website under the link stuff, which is also available.
You can Google it yourself and find it.
They'll tell you all about how population collapse in all of these countries is coming, including in China.
In China, they had even a worse problem than we do.
In Japan, they have a problem like this.
In Scotland, it was crazy.
And so by being on social media during the pandemic, they were able to create an illusion with multiple facets, multiple sides.
Some people saw just a mean mother nature.
Some people saw a very arrogant biological community.
Other people saw bioweapons and an attack.
And that was only possible because they had us on social media.
They only got us this far because of social media.
There's even a video of Mark Van Rans from Belgium saying this very thing that, man, if we would have had even a little bit of Facebook back then, we would have really done much better than we did.
Lamenting that the swine flu never really, you know, took off like it should have.
And this is all they ever had was these people on the internet.
Six years back, I asked one question.
I never got an answer from anyone.
Do you know anyone that died from COVID?
It's the fog of anti... It's really important to understand that this gentleman right here, although invisible on the internet to most Americans and people around the world, he is part of a network that includes Robert Malone,
that includes Steve Kirsch, that includes Kevin McKernan.
And I know that for sure because of what Kevin McKernan said on the Danny Jones podcast, and because of all that happened during the writing of this book.
And the beautiful part about it is, is that the other people who know this is the truth are all listed in this book under the Acknowledgements page.
Now what makes this so damning is that this jackass named Kevin McCairn, who apparently lives in Japan, but I don't really know and I have no way of verifying that.
That guy, although meaningless in the grand scheme of the internet, is a connection directly to me being meddled with.
From the moment I spoke out from the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, still faculty there, still just biking to work every day, I needed to be controlled, much the same way that Brandy Vaughn needed to be controlled or stood in front of, much the same way that Brian Hooker needed to be stood in front of or controlled.
Now, I've been trying to tell you that this is one big network.
Now, interestingly, the second time that Kevin McCairn was on the VSRF podcast of Steve Kirsch,
former huge donor to the DNC.
It's all Democrats that are infiltrating the Trump administration, not to say that the Trump administration is being infiltrated, but to say that the Trump administration is just a fake Democratic.
They're really just all Democrats, including Donald Trump.
His loyalty is to Hillary Clinton, for goodness sakes.
It wouldn't surprise me if the original dunk on Hillary Clinton about taxes and that makes me smart, if that wasn't even scripted.
But if you don't want to go that far in your imagination, please go far enough to understand that the national security state would definitely put very, very
would definitely put lots of people on the internet and give them a script in order to achieve an objective.
And if they could do that and make everybody believe that bioweapons are real, everybody believe that gain of function is a threat much worse than nuclear weapons, then they solve so many problems in one fell swoop if they could do that with a bunch of clowns on the internet sharing a script and pretending not to.
And what I'm begging you as young people to see is that if you see it now and understand that social media is almost exclusively used that way against you, you will get off of it and start building your own federated network of communication that they can't hijack like that, or at least is not as vulnerable as it is when you are interacting with their black box.
So look there, Jordan Vaughn, MD,
and Kevin McCairn were on this VSRF live in April of 2025.
That guy, Kevin McCairn, has been harassing me and my family for five years straight, and then there is a wonderful record of it on Rumble.
Hundreds of videos, maybe even thousands of hours dedicated just to me and my gigaohm project.
And there's no other way to explain that other than he's being paid to do it.
From the moment that he called me in March of 2020, he had stories about how we shared, you know, he did some postdoc with some guy that I knew at Pitt and he saw me, you know, my JC on the bike, you should come do a live stream with me and Paul Cottrell and Addie Adds, all of whom are associated with George Webb, the guy who supposedly was sued or suing Robert Malone.
So part of this web of bullshit that Robert Malone seems to have been told by Mike Callahan to spin his team up in the beginning of 2020, not a team to find repurposed drugs, but a team to control the narrative.
And at some point in time, it got so out of control that Robert Malone himself decided to go on Brett Weinstein's podcast and really get the train back on the rails.
And so that train is still cascading off of the rails, but they only have so many people on the bench.
So who do we have?
Jordan Vaughn in front of the Senate yesterday or the day before with Peter McCullough, while Peter McCullough is almost ending his job.
You can hear him there saying, I'm done with this.
And Jordan Vaughn now is coming in off of the bench.
And they intended to bring Kevin McCarron off the bench too.
But if they bring Kevin McCarren off the bench, then they're inevitably stuck with me.
Because Kevin McCarren, I have all of those videos downloaded.
I've been downloading them every time he puts them out.
I've been screenshotting those thumbnails for years because if there was ever a lawsuit or ever a way that that could be used to tie him to anybody else, I better have that stuff.
And so I do.
just like I have all my direct messages from Twitter, because at some point I realized, wait a minute, when somebody blocks me, I can't look at those messages anymore, then I've got to start screenshotting these things.
And you need to do the same thing if you want to really understand what's going on, because at the flip of a switch, any number of operators on the internet can change everything that's on their website or websites.
This history can be erased and changed much faster than a fire through the Library of Alexandria.
Because after the fire of the Library of Alexandria, new books had to be written.
If the books are already written and ready to go, then the internet can be switched like a flip.
And so you need to be aware that there's gonna be a limited time here in the next few years that you can still archive all of this stuff.
But curiously enough, Dr. Jordan Vaughn is on YouTube and there's a little video that's like 500 people have seen and it is pretty extraordinary.
August, 2021.
Uh, we are rolling.
So I wanted to start with, um, you guys are seeing a huge spike in people coming to get COVID-19 testing.
What are you attributing that spike to?
A huge spike in people coming in for testing in August of 2021.
A huge spike.
What do you attribute that spike to?
Remember now, what do you think this is?
Can you hear it already?
She's on a script that he gave her.
Otherwise, you wouldn't repeat Spike.
She's reading it, okay?
And in a few seconds, you're gonna hear him fix the question for her.
So you're gonna hear him admit that she's reading a script, a list of questions that he gave her.
This is an audition.
All of these people have been auditioning, wittingly or unwittingly, this is apparently very wittingly, auditioning for this role.
And it is not for nothing that after four years, this guy got to sit in front of the Senate next to Peter McCullough and Aaron Sere.
Like, come on.
Stop lying!
hearing because of people needing proof of negative results to get into concerts and businesses, but you're saying that's not necessarily the case?
Yeah, I mean, I would say it's maybe 5% of our test requests are for those kind of things, whether it's travel.
I will say, you know, beginning of really from end of April until mid-July, I mean, pretty much 100% of our requests were for
um, travel or going to places.
But then the end of July, it just ramped up.
Um, and so he is saying that at his clinic, it used to be because people wanted to travel, they were trying to get a negative test, but now it's people with symptoms and they're really coming in with something strange, right?
Aggressively.
And now it's maybe just 5% of what we're doing every day.
The rest are people with symptoms are seeking us because they have symptoms.
Um,
So what are you attributing it to, I guess?
Yeah, what are you attributing the spike to?
So it's definitely the Delta variant.
The Delta variant.
What are you attributing the spike to?
What we know is...
The Delta variant.
Eight to 10 times as infectious.
Eight to 10 times as infectious as the original Wuhan strain, which according to the virologist and Excel sheet expert, Charles Rixey, is the most infectious coronavirus in history.
So now it's eight to 10 times more infectious than that.
I think that's like an R naught of 160.
Again, every place it's been previously,
has had, once the Delta variant is the primary variant in the community, it does exactly what we think it would do, would be infect like crazy.
Infect like crazy.
It does what we would expect it to do.
It infects like crazy.
It doesn't, the thing that I want to point out to the people, the person in the chat, Solar Fire and that, it doesn't matter if Kevin McCairn gets off the bench, that's already off the bench.
You know what else is off the bench?
The fact that I have a text message from Steve Kirsch from years ago, where he offered to send me to Tokyo to work with Kevin McCairn on vaccine mouse experiments, and I shit you not.
pretty valuable iPhone.
And so this game of trying to legitimize Kevin McCairn in my eyes has been going on for a long time with lots of people.
And it included Charles Rixey coming to my fricking house.
It included Charles Rixey going to Tokyo, I guess, and Japan for a while.
It included Kevin McCairn coming to my house and also going to Texas or whatever and hanging out with, with, um,
with Charles Rixey and also riding across America with one of the longtime supporters of Mark Kulak and longtime follower of George Webb, some chick named Karmadoc.
It's all one network and we will expose them.
I will expose them.
These people are all auditioning to be part of a controlled demolition team.
that is effectively neutralizing any real resistance to this controlled demolition of America.
And these people are traitors for playing along.
Absolute traitors.
So, and we're seeing it all over the place.
Now, I will say that the symptoms that we were having compared to the symptoms that we had in January, not everybody, but on a majority,
are less and they actually do better than they did in the last wave.
And I will also say the last wave, even from December to January, was significantly more deadly, well, less deadly than the patients we saw at the start of this thing.
When the start of this thing, when people got tested positive, it was, I mean, it was, you know,
And a lot of them went ended up in the hospital and each time there's been another wave, it's more and more tests, more and more positives, but less and less serious disease.
And I think that's pretty typical based on how most viruses mutate.
So, so with this based on how most viruses mutate, I mean, come on, this dude is full of shit.
Increase of people coming to get tested.
What kind of stress is that putting on your resources here?
I mean, I accommodating everybody.
Yeah.
I mean, I can't really,
I've got more and more people working at home to get people scheduled.
I've got, um, I don't, I probably sleep four hours a night right now anyway.
I'm actually doing the scheduling in the line.
Um, so he's making, he has four, he has people working at home to schedule people for testing, but he's doing most of the scheduling.
So is this guy lying or is this guy lying?
He's making money hand over foot, that's for sure.
I guess if you do more than 150,000 COVID tests in your practice, you make a lot of money, right, Ryan Cole?
How much do you charge per test?
How much do those testing companies make?
It's my business, so I gotta make sure people are taken care of.
It's my business, wow.
I wonder how he knew to go into that.
Interesting, because I know a story of a porn movie producer who just decided to buy a half a million dollars worth of sequencing machines in California and got a no-bid contract from a city in California to sequence all of, sorry, PCR test all of the firemen and policemen and all the municipal employees for the whole year of 2020 and 21.
Interesting choice of, you know, career change for a porn movie producer.
Maybe an interesting career change for this asshole.
Excuse me.
Sorry, I apologize for that.
So, I mean, that's really what's done.
I think probably put more stress on my wife than me.
So, with the...
I guess this second wave of the pandemic, you're seeing more people getting tested now with this Delta variant than... Not only tested, but tested positive.
And I will say it's more likely that this is the fourth wave.
And so if you were to compare it to the India data, India after each wave that they did, they would do a seropositivity study, which basically gets some really targeted samples throughout the whole country.
India did something for every wave and they get targeted samples from around the country.
Wow, this guy's got a lot of insight into a particular country that nobody ever really pays any attention to, but everybody loves, like Kevin McCairn loves India.
His whole starting reel for the last five years has featured a prominent head nod to India.
He even has a, a, a repeating sort of audio thing that if it's not bimbo Bailey with a bunch of hot dogs in her mouth, when he gets a lot of money, then it's something to do with that Indian guy going, no vaccine in me or something like that.
Interesting India.
Tell me more.
And, uh, when they've done that each time, the first one,
Basically, again, targeted blood samples.
Blood samples show you who's been infected, who has antibodies from it.
Those products were not recalled.
Their EUA was ended.
Make sure you understand that.
The FDA didn't say they were bad.
Their EUA just ended.
The first wave, which would have been right when we had this, you know, 15 days to slow the spread, that whole thing.
They did a seroprevalence study afterwards.
It was about 0.7% of their population.
The second wave, which was 0.7% of the population in the first wave in India, according to this guy, because he's got some India data.
It would have been a year ago.
It was 7.1.
And then the third wave, which is similar to our third wave, which was December to February, was 24.1% of the population.
This last wave, which they did seroprevalence studies that released it two weeks ago from the Ministry of Health in India.
It was 67.6% of people had antibodies.
And so you wonder why it fell off like a cliff, because there's not many more people to infect.
And actually, in that seroprevalence study, they actually did kids aged 16 to 18.
Sorry, 6 to 18.
They didn't do anybody under 6.
But the prevalence in there was about 60% as well.
And when you think about it, OK, Johns Hopkins says, you know, there's like 30 million cases there.
But do the math.
1.4 billion people and 67.6% is about 930 million.
Johns Hopkins was only off by 900 million.
How many of the people that you're testing are vaccinated?
I mean, it's, you know, half and half.
So now we'll say that positivity rate or half and half doesn't seem to.
You know, the question is, is again, we're an outpatient place.
We're obviously not coming here where you can't breathe or you know those kind of things, but in our in our
pooling, prior infected seems to matter the most, then vaccine status after that really doesn't matter.
Probably matters a little bit more how recently you got the vaccine, but a lot of the doctors and even the elderly got it early.
And actually, if you look at the Pfizer data, there's a reason that they want to have a booster.
So.
There's a reason why they want to have a booster.
So in 2021, he is clearly not concerned about the vaccine.
Not concerned at all, in fact.
And I still haven't heard anything about amyloidosis from the S1 spike protein, which is what he said in front of the Senate two days ago with Peter McCullough next to him.
Are you seeing this yet?
Are you seeing what's happening here?
What actually happened right there?
This is a bench warmer coming in to replace somebody that can't play anymore.
And that's why he doesn't have any videos on Rumble for the last month, because he can't play anymore.
He is an absolute hole in their armor now.
Everybody that's attached to him, and Steve Kirsch, and Robert Malone, and Kevin McKernan, who told the story about Charles Rixey helping Robert F. Kennedy with his Wuhan book on the Danny Jones podcast are now done.
And soon Dr. Jack Krause is going to fit right into this for you and it'll be painful, but it will be also, it will be also a relief.
Um, and you know, for people who are saying, you know, I don't need the shot because people are still catching this virus who are vaccinated.
What do you say to those folks?
I mean, I think every vaccine is a personal decision.
I think they need to look at the data.
I don't think I need to talk to the doctor.
So, um,
That's what I do.
I mean, the first thing I would do is make sure that they haven't already had COVID because I think if you've had COVID, that gives you protection.
Yeah, it is real nice.
If you have a Southern accent, you can really sound a lot nicer.
People don't really seem threatened by you.
You can even say something real smart, like RNA can out-pandemic, and it doesn't sound real threatening.
You could even say something like intramuscular injection.
It's kind of dumb.
But then it doesn't really sound that profound because, you know, you're not talking like an accent like you're on Navy News or something like that.
So I ain't fooling myself.
Bless your heart.
I think that was also India data.
He's got a lot of data from the Health Department of India.
He's cool.
So are you advising still get vaccinated regardless?
I would say first of all, find out what your immunity status is.
Find out what your immunity status is.
Go to your local doctor, ask for a lateral flow test and see if you're seropositive.
Do it now.
I mean, the other thing is a lot of people are surprised to even find out they've already their head.
Like their headache today was COVID again.
The Delta variant seems to be very because if you test positive on your PCR and you have a headache,
The headache is from COVID.
Wow.
This is an easy game.
I get it.
Mild headache seems to be a symptom that wasn't part of the, all the other variants.
This variant seems like, Oh, I had a headache and they're coming in for a headache and we test them and they got COVID.
I mean, that's, that's, you know, again, so, um, you know, getting vaccinated while you actually have COVID it's probably not recommended.
So.
that makes sense.
So that was kind of out of left field, right?
Whoa, hey, hey, whoa, watch out there, fella.
That was like, hey, try to keep it in the strike zone there, dude.
Finding out whether you have it now or have previously had, it's probably a very important thing to make a decision about getting vaccinated.
On average, how many people are you guys seeing today coming in to get tested?
So, I mean, I think Monday was our
I mean, the biggest day I've ever had was over a thousand.
Holy shit!
Over a thousand people are coming in for a diagnostic that has no relevance.
Because it's on an infinitesimally irreducible background of genetic noise and they have no positive and negative controls and no replicates.
Wow.
But again, I have six clinics.
So, I mean, not here, but meaning I have six clinics.
So that's 1,000 spread across those six clinics.
Yeah, and then, you know, so we have what?
Probably, I mean, about 12 providers.
So you could divide that into what a typical office would see because, but on aggregate, that's what it is.
And again, that 1,000 is more than double, almost three times what the highest we did in the last wave.
Wow.
Business is good.
Dr. Vaughn, anything I'm not asking you that you think is important to mention?
I mean, I think seeking out, talking to, you know, sometimes again, I would say the course of the disease.
Anything else that you see as important you want to tell anybody about transformation versus transfection, you know, or do you want to know nothing about that?
No?
Okay.
Disease is a disease that a lot of people don't realize.
Isn't like the flu in terms of you don't have a quick decline a lot of people sit around and say they feel okay for three to four days and Then they decline just talking about the syndrome right talking about the disease because the presumption is that it's there That's the goal of this whole message nothing about saving people nothing about skepticism of the PCR.
I sell the PCR I'm the fifth or sixth day and I
In all honesty, what I do for my patients is a lot of times I want to hear from them how they're doing.
And if day four or five they're not doing well or it's in their chest, I'm going to start stuff.
I'm going to start making more money off of them.
Probably they would receive it once they got to the hospital, but there's no reason not to do it in the outpatient setting.
And so in a lot of ways, I've kept a lot of people out of the hospital by doing that.
But he's not going to tell you what he does.
Is it hydroxychloroquine, or is it ivermectin?
Maybe it's a combination of famotidine and silicoxib.
And anyway, so if you're not getting better day five or six, you need to be a little bit more wary and get your doctor on the phone.
Also, when it comes to getting tested, if a person has been exposed to someone who has COVID, but they're vaccinated, are you still encouraging them to get tested just in case?
So a lot of the tests we're having would be a parent that comes in and just finds out they're positive.
And then it's like, well, where did I get it?
Sometimes it's actually funny that the guys, the man will get it, like for instance, and then the wife's like, where did he get it?
And I'm like, well, let's swab you.
She's positive, doesn't have any symptoms.
So again, it's, uh, I think a lot of it, it is a magnificent, magnificent business.
If you can get some, wow.
And kids are the same way.
A lot of people are parents are getting it from their kids and their kids literally have no symptoms.
I never had some.
So I think that's an important thing to realize.
It's, um, it's, I don't want to be an alarmist here, but it's spreading like wildfire and we don't even, there's no heat, if that makes sense.
You know, can't pick it up.
So that's what I mean.
I'm,
What I'm picking up in the outpatient setting doesn't even match with what you ate.
I mean, my ramp is way steeper than the ramp that they're seeing at the hospitals, which is a good thing.
Because decoupling of those things is a great thing, meaning a virus that is much more infectious but much less deadly is a great thing for all of us.
Wow.
Isn't that amazing?
I mean, it's really, you can see it clearly now, ladies and gentlemen.
You don't have to be worried.
You can see it very clearly now.
They recruited people.
They fooled people into participating.
Remember, there's a couple permutations of understanding their performance using this analogy.
But this guy is pretending to have to help the train stop.
And then he's also going over here and chalking his hands up.
And then he's going to help the train start again.
And the thing that social media allows to happen is that you could get several guys like this
working on the train and on social media you come down to the train and you find all these people pretending to stop the train maybe even all grunting maybe even calling out commands together so that they can look in sync and the same with the starting of the train again
They might fall down and pretend they're really trying hard, or you could even imagine a scenario where they would have elaborate suits on that look like mech suits that they really needed to, you know, and they made noise and they buzzed and stuff.
And so if you came down into this subway to find him and his friends starting and stopping the train, your first instinct, especially if you don't know much about trains, might not be that this is ridiculous.
And the more people that they had pretending to stop the train with more elaborate costumes, had a more elaborate script.
Ladies and gentlemen, get ready.
The train's coming in.
Everybody to their places.
And then, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep.
And the lights went off and everything.
And then there was smoke and stuff.
You'd really believe it.
You could Broadway this up and it would be impossible from a stage perspective to know whether these people were faking it or not, especially if there were hundreds of them along the whole station.
And so if they said to you when you came down there, can you help us out?
Grab that helmet and those gloves.
We need your help.
It's a matter of life and death.
Now you tweak the number of people down there.
And it becomes almost an irresistible illusion.
If there's too many people down there, then you can go like, well, but you guys can't possibly need me.
What can I help?
How could I help?
But if you came down in the subway and there was only three or four people doing it, and there was an extra suit, now what?
And I would argue that podcasts can be used that way.
I would argue that Zoom meetings can be used this way in a way that none of us have ever really fully acknowledged.
And more importantly,
Social media can be used this way in a time-independent manner because social media is always there.
The scroll is always there.
But the scroll can give you the same feeling that all these people are working together to solve the same question, to answer the same question.
They're all fighting about the same thing.
They're all concerned about the same thing.
And so it looks like there's all this organization in thought around you.
And you've got to wonder, is that for real?
I mean, do I need to respect the Lemmings or not?
And that phenomenon subconsciously is very, very powerful.
You cannot underestimate it.
And for me, that's really one of the main messages.
We will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
That's why I think one of the explanations here that you have to accept is that Brian Hooker had to be absorbed.
He had to go along with it.
He, at one point in time, said it right.
He, at one point in time, probably understood that intramuscular injection was a bad idea.
But there's something deeper involved with Brian Hooker because he has more than 16 years experience as a molecular biologist.
So when the pandemic started and they were telling us that they were going to roll out investigational vaccines, Brian is somebody with the requisite experience to know that they were already essentially lying to the American public and the world by calling them investigational vaccines instead of saying, we're going to transfect you or transform you.
And so I think he was absorbed.
I think he's gone along with it.
I think he thinks he's choosing the lesser of two evils, but it's a disaster.
And I'm predicting to you right now, and it's already happened or starting to happen, the Simpson-Wood revelation will put a racial spin on the imperfect vaccine schedule in America, and more importantly, on the FDA, CDC coverup of it,
And that will be the final straw for this whole, you know, show and controlled demolition of America.
That will start a landslide.
Maybe it'll only come out in a few years yet, but CHD's already starting to plant that seed, and that's because it's part of this script that Brian Hooker has agreed to stick to, where autism is not an illusion, it's a real thing, and it's got a very complex set of causes.
And so, this woman, I believe, is trapped because she thinks that when she goes on a podcast with Callie Means and with Dr. Jack Krause, that it's three adults having a conversation, when in reality, it's two liars
lying to her.
It is an elaborate performance where these two guys will reinforce the idea that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is important, that Jay Bhattacharya is important, that Marty Makary is important, that Robert Malone is important, that Cally Means is important, that all of these people are worth talking about and debating about, and this is all the Maha movement.
And while all that does is create the illusion in our own heads that the Maha movement is more than some bullshit on X. More than some bullshit on X when it's really not.
The Maha movement is no more than a social media illusion that gets sustained on podcasts by people like Jack Krause and Casey or Callie Means and unwitting participants like people who just want to have a podcast and are willing to take lots of money to have a podcast and go, wow, shit, really?
and Mary Talley Bowden, somebody who I think may be kind of trying to do the right thing, but just never done the requisite homework to get to the finish line because these people have already told her that she's there.
Like they were already telling me that I was there when I said that there's a lab leak and they sent Charles Rixey to my house to try to make sure that I stayed there at that end zone.
and kept spiking that football.
That's what they want her to do.
They want her to keep spiking the football of the COVID shot is bad without ever reflecting on how in the hell did they convince so many people to even do that?
The same question that Jack Cruz will never ask because there is a fake anti-vax movement because this is for all the marbles, this is for the grandchildren of earth.
So let's listen.
make huge money, to be honest with you, there's a couple influencers that have come out that I shake my head at, because I know they're Bitcoiners, I know they don't live in the United States, like Paul Saladino.
I'm like, he's all excited about it.
Why?
Because he's a food girl.
He's a former psychiatrist that really is hung up as MD, and now he's teaching people about food and exercise.
Well, guess what?
If you're a food and exercise influencer,
What is Casey and Callie fundamentally telling food, babe?
What are they fundamentally telling the base?
That is what we're gonna focus in on.
And me and Mary are out there saying, by the way, the elephant in the room is 25,000 kids a day are getting popped.
Now don't forget, one of the things that Jessica Hockett was supposed to do was to try and attach me to Jonathan Engler and Professor Martin Neal and their amazing substack about virology.
so that they could do what he's doing right now, which is kind of speak for Mary, the same way that I think Sasha Latupova is kind of speaking for Catherine Watt and saying silly stuff that basically leaves everybody helpless because the DOD is doing everything.
And this guy's going to say the same thing.
But what's curious is what names does he say?
Because that's how you can see whether these people are out of the network or in the network.
You would never promote Robert Malone unless you were on his team at this stage.
You would never promote anyone just like out of a list of people unless you were really on their team.
So him and Mary are going on podcasts.
Podcast with, I've already shown you, with,
Andrew Wakefield and Nicole Shanahan.
Possibly three liars and Mary and now he's talking about the podcast.
I just showed you with Casey means or no, he's Callie means and Jack Krause and Mary again Two liars against an unwitting participant three liars against an unwitting participant I was on the defender podcast in 2022 with Robert F. Kennedy jr.
Probably an unwitting participant and
Robert Malone, Meryl Nass, Jessica Rosen, Tess Laurie.
Four liars against an unwitting participant.
And me.
And so I am gonna say it right now, if this guy lists the wrong people and promotes the wrong people, it is an admission that he is on their team, just like I made the, I could be wrong, I could have been wrong about him and Callie if he says the wrong names here, but I don't think he's gonna.
With a bioweapon that can subtract time for you literally?
overnight, like the fruit loops and the red dye, that's going to kill you too, but it's going to take three, four decades for that to happen.
This can kill you immediately.
I mean, look at, look at the soccer player, Mike on the field that I think everybody who will listen to this has seen it.
I think his name is Christian Hendrickson, a guy from outside, threw the ball in and he dropped and he died on the field.
This guy is physically fit.
He played the whole soccer game and he drops dead.
That doesn't happen with Froot Loops.
If you find me one person that's happened with Froot Loops.
Remember, it's safe to say the COVID shots are bad as long as you don't talk about 2020.
So that's the narrative he's on.
It's not dangerous yet.
After getting the Froot Loops, you know, in the last, last little injection, you know, then I'll change my tune.
I'll be right behind Casey and Callie Means.
But that's not reality.
That's not the reality that's unfolding.
You know, and then we have,
Robert Malone.
What he just came out and said, you know, against Nicole Shanahan was nothing.
Robert Malone said something bad about Nicole Shanahan, strike one.
More than stunning.
But again, I'm not surprised because remember, he's a stakeholder in the mRNA platform.
He also happens to be a doctor that- He's a stakeholder in the mRNA platform.
So getting details wrong about Robert Malone is also a very big failure.
What else is he gonna say?
I just wanna go back to make sure I hear it right and you hear it correctly.
Let me just put it back a little bit here.
Robert Malone, what he just came out and said, you know, against Nicole Shanahan was nothing more than stunning.
But again, I'm not surprised because remember,
He's a stakeholder in the mRNA platform.
He also happens to be a doctor that took and got high off his own bag.
He took his own shot and actually had a vaccine injury.
So he also knows the exact narrative that Robert Malone has been selling from the very beginning, which is despite being a multi-year genius and a multi-scandal bioethics superhero,
When it came right down to it and he had to travel during COVID, he decided to take two shots of something that he otherwise knew was dangerous from the very beginning.
And this guy is happy to repeat that.
And he's not clever enough, despite the fact that he's a brain surgeon.
They're the smartest doctors.
He's a brain surgeon, but he can't figure out that maybe that might not be a very congruent story.
And instead, he's just willing to say it out loud in the name.
I mean, it's remarkable unless you see that it's just a script that provided by or in harmony with the script of Kevin McKernan, the script of Kevin McCairn, and the script of Robert Malone, and the script of Mary Holland, and the script of Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and the script of Brian Hooker, and the script of all of these people.
But you have to decide, as the guy that's doing podcasts, and the audience has to decide, well, who do I really wanna listen to?
Who's gonna pack my parachute?
Who do I wanna listen to?
Now, that's already an enchantment, and it's an enchantment that says one specific thing, that all these people are telling the truth.
All these people are telling the truth.
You're just gonna have to decide
which the truth is for you.
And that's incongruent.
That doesn't make any sense at all.
Some of these people have to be lying, but no, that's not it at all.
Nobody's lying.
Everybody believes what they say.
Like my big problem with Aseem Malhotra, because he's now kind of on my side of things.
This is the point I would make to you, Mike.
Aseem Malhotra?
I mean, how many...
Strike two at least.
It's because his father took the job and died.
That's what woke him up.
So let me ask you.
And so in 2025, it's some kind of revelation that Dr. Jack Kraus can drop on the world.
That's been very well known from the very beginning.
And incidentally, Asim Malhotra was on stage with Robert Malone, Meryl Nass, and Sasha Latupova in Stockholm in January of 2023.
Telling Stockholm that this was five fifth generation warfare and that you had no hope of figuring out who was doing it And if I was if I wish I was making that up but a C Mahal tra Sasha Latipova the mother of Soph and
Meryl Nass, longtime scientific advisor to CHD, longtime collaborator of Mary the Fake Holland, was on stage with Robert Malone and Mike Palmer of the Doctors for COVID Ethics, who's also a shithead.
It's all one malevolent show, and most of these actors are on a script provided by Robert Wallace Malone.
Do you pay doctors, Mike, to make the accurate diagnosis?
Because isn't it true that when you go to see, he's a cardiologist, I'm a brain surgeon.
If we make the wrong diagnosis, your life can be extinguished like that.
So pardon me if I point out the obvious in the room, that this guy is a bigwig cardiologist from NHS, was not a good diagnostician,
not only for his own family, but not for the public, and certainly not for the NHS.
And that's why when Doc Malek called him out on it, I really appreciate it.
When Doc Malek called him out on it.
That's at least three strikes now.
I mean, this is impressive.
Because Doc Malek got the message earlier.
And who paid the price?
Doc Malek got the message earlier?
He didn't even start his podcast until 2023.
Maybe it was 2022, but that's when Asim Malhotra came out.
He was on Bret Weinstein's podcast in 2022, and you should check that out because Bret Weinstein introduces him as somebody who admittedly came to the light a little later than us.
Did a Seema Holter pay the price?
No.
He's been elevated.
He's making more money now than he's ever made because he's working on the Maha side of things.
The food and exercise influencers.
But guess what?
Doc Malik doesn't have a job anymore.
Doc Malik was almost the EU representative for the wellness company.
He asked for $10,000 a month plus travel, plus all kinds of other stuff.
And I guess they turned him down.
Doc Malek was recruited by Robert Wallace Malone.
They met in person, took a picture and everything, and then they built him a studio in the backyard.
They built him a studio in his backyard.
Doc Malek is one of the fakest of all of the fakes here, and I was connected to him by another fake.
who now wants me to present again, you know, the seventh or eighth time.
I do a show every night now so that I don't have to present to anybody else.
I don't have to do another panda presentation or all this other stuff.
I'll just do a show every day.
And then when, you know, you want to watch it, you can watch it because this truth remains the same.
It is a Lollapalooza of liars.
And they recruit new people when Mark Kulak or myself make people a liability.
That's the reason why Sasha Latupova will slowly disappear, why Kevin McCairn was going to be a flash in the pan, and why Charles Rixey will never actually amount to anything significant, even though the former research and development director of the Human Genome Project says he was like a dog on a bone with this stuff.
because he actually told the savages in the audience the truth.
So you have to realize people, doctors who made the tough decision, but the correct diagnosis for the patients, those are the people that I have my ultimate respect.
Why?
They got the arrows in the back and they got pounded.
Some of them lost.
So talk about losing jobs.
I lost a job at a top 10 university medical school in America as a faculty member, having gone through doing one of my post-secondary degrees, as Jessica Rose calls it, but I'll call it what it was, which was a postdoc and staff scientist position at the NTNU in Trondheim, Norway, when about nine months after I left that lab, that whole lab, the directors of it won the Nobel Prize.
and actually used my paper in their presentation in accepting their award.
You know, like their Nobel lecture had Cooey et al on one of the slides.
So it's not an insignificant event to fire such a guy, especially because they fired me with such a YouTube channel called JC on a Bike, which sits there as a reminder of how I got sucked into this narrative.
Because in July on that YouTube channel, in July of 2020, I was saying that they were stealing the rest of the value out of the treasury and lying to us about a background signal using bullshit PCR.
And then the next three years of my life were full of all of these people.
From Kevin McCairn all the way to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Robert Malone, Merrill Nass, I've seen them all, talked to them all, argued with them all, been in Zoom meetings with them all, been across the dinner table from a lot of them.
It is not possible for any other explanation other than for me to be more or less right
And if I was more or less right about all of those other people, I think I'm dead on balls accurate about Mr. Cruz here.
He's part of the show.
He's happy to do it.
Look at that pool.
If you had that pool, you'd be happy to do it too.
Some of the things that were most heated up.
I'm trying to come on podcasts and tell people, why would you support someone like Peter Attia or Rhonda Patrick or Huberman?
Peter Attia has never even- Rhonda Patrick or Huberman
Or this Peter Atiyah, he keeps repeating their names.
And these are just people within the controlled opposition.
These are safe people for him to name.
He'll probably give links to them later.
He finished the residency.
If you can't even do the basic qualifications, even if you know the qualifications are bullshit, great.
But Peter's another guy that, just like a SEMA Ultra, told his longevity members that pay him $250,000 a year,
to take the jab and take statins.
So how good's that advice?
Joe Lee was another guy who came on the scene exclusively for me.
The only reason why he came on scene was for his stupid antibody, silly experiment idea hypothesis, as dumb as the bolus hypothesis from Marc Giraudoux.
And then for him to attack me on social media and for them to promote his dismissal of me.
That's the only reason why they brought him on X.
and it's the only place anybody saw him, Joe Lee.
What a joke that clown was.
And you need to tell people.
But see what that means, right?
Do you see it?
Just like Kevin McCaird, the very existence and track record of Joe Lee suggests that what I'm doing is very legitimate.
Otherwise, Joe Lee would have never bothered to even come on Twitter or even tweet once.
Just like Kevin McCarron would have never gotten paid any money for doing anything that he's doing, except because what I'm doing is a problem.
Otherwise, you can't explain his existence.
You can't explain Rixey's existence.
It sucks, but it's the truth.
The truth.
Some people won't like the way I deliver the truth.
I'm perfectly okay with that, Mike.
But I'm going to keep doing the way I do it.
Why?
Because I find that when the world is completely artificial and made up with bullshit and filled with influencers, the only way to fucking get through to people is to punch them square in the mouth.
And I'm really good at that.
Really good at that.
That's one of the things I respect about you, doctor, because you just don't give a fuck.
Anybody know this guy?
The reason why I don't is because I know that life is on the line.
Here's a question.
So you know that life's on the line.
but you don't really take any action that suggests you know the lives are on the line.
It's like Pauly Tommy.
Either you know that injections are wrong and then you would say it every day until it stopped, or you know they're wrong but you know that
You know, you can make more money if you're kind of a little obtuse about it, or you just say, you know, health freedom so you can absorb the, you know, little EMF money too.
Like, the grift is obvious now, because either you believe that people are being killed by a not only irrelevant, but actually malevolent scheme,
then you should be acting differently than I buy a lot of Bitcoin and go on podcasts with my shirt off next to my foggy pool and tell people the truth by punching them in the mouth.
Wow.
And of course, nothing about the, absolutely nothing about the opioid epidemic at all here.
Nothing at all about the population pyramid at all here.
Nothing at all from the brain surgeon about, you know, supplementary oxygen or the misuse of ventilators or even the lack of antibiotic use that could lead to a lot of excess deaths.
No, no, it's just scripted bullshit.
But I want to ask you, why did Callie Means agree to do Danny's podcast with you and Mary?
I think that one is simple, and maybe someday you can actually have Danny on your podcast, because I think Danny does need to come out publicly.
He's been very quiet, because I don't think he wants to talk about this.
Danny has to.
Ooh, Danny might be coming off the bench.
Look out.
Because future guests may say, oh, he's going to spill the beans.
he had cali schedule for the podcast when i did my first one when cali heard that one hello now we're going to try and substantiate the myth that cali is not filled playing fair that cali is a lobbyist and i'm exposing him
Who gives a shit if this guy exposes Callie?
We already knew who Callie was.
We already knew who Casey was.
The moment they went on Tucker Carlson, this guy has no revelations for us.
He's punching no one in the mouth.
This is Malone and McKernan scripted bullshit.
He called me and said, I'm out.
You can interview me.
This is like Robert Malone saying that Mike Callahan called me from Wuhan.
At least that's where I thought he was.
And he told me to spin my team up.
me in May of 2025, okay?
Then what did I do when Danny told me that?
Danny said like he will not, he canceled our podcast because his podcast was supposed to be at the end of December.
Just him?
Just him or was it just him?
No, it was just him and Danny.
And he canceled his podcast because he knew that Danny was probably going to be a little bit
adversarial, especially since I was on and Kevin was on, Kevin McKiernan.
Oh, Kevin McKiernan.
So he's telling you the story about how Danny Jones almost broke the internet because first he had Kevin McKiernan on who told about 20 minutes of lies about the Wuhan cover up and about the book and about Charles Rixey's contribution to it.
And oh, Alex Washburn too.
And then I came on the Danny Jones podcast, and there was already this huge nuclear crater from Kevin McKernan.
And then you put my kilotons of knowledge in there, and I blew a crater.
Boy, you can't even believe it.
We almost ended the internet.
With Danny.
And so was Alexis Jasmine.
He had three podcasts in a row that was all science.
So he knew that he was going to get pounded, and he wouldn't be able to get his food babe message out, you know, or his Paul Saladino message out, or his Peter Attia message out to the masses.
Say the names again.
Oh my gosh.
What you guys don't know is that his sister was already up for the Surgeon General then.
And what did I do?
That's when I started, if you look back at my Twitter feed, in November and December early,
I started releasing all the- Look at my Twitter feed where I release all the information you need.
Go to X. The things that the investigators that I hired, I didn't release at all.
But enough to smoke him out.
Danny calls me up and tells me, uh, Jack, by the way, he's agreed to come on the podcast.
Wow.
He used X to manipulate Callie into coming on the podcast.
He is a Jedi master.
No.
And, uh, he goes, that's when Danny said, would you be okay?
coming on the podcast with him.
I said, absolutely.
And that's when I said to Danny, I said, Danny, I think you should bring Mary on as well.
So I'm the one that suggested Mary.
I said, now you're going to have two doctors and a guy who's going to be in the cabinet.
And we're going to see, my belief is that when you watch that podcast, you will clearly see a lobbyist and you'll see two doctors.
And then you'll see a guy that's running his podcast.
He was trying to be the matador, but really he was out of his league too, because some of this was high level science.
And I know Danny's not, he was out of his league because they were in cohorts.
I don't think Mary was read in, but she was briefed in a way that she could not escape from the ruse and Casey or sorry, Callie and Jack are on the same team and they are liars.
That's how this works.
And until you're willing to at least consider that long enough to see it, it will be as invisible as it is to everybody else that skillfully uses social media and is unaware of it.
It's not AI that you have to be afraid of.
It's not baby videos you have to be afraid of, or fake videos even.
You have to be afraid of multiple people going on podcasts and coordinating their life to the extent that they would even coordinate their apparent disagreements.
Scientists, but he also wasn't willing
to step on Callie's toes a little bit when Callie clearly was off.
And it's very unusual.
You know, Mike, when you have a lobbyist on, lobbyists are the smooth-talking guys, you know, that no matter when you put a camera on them, they're ready to go.
And that's very clear from both Callie and Cassie's interviews.
And if you look at the way the interview... If you put a camera on them, they're ready to go.
So now you can see what this auditioning is all about and why these people had to be in place and why they had to rehearse and why Marty and Vinay and ZDogg were all doing podcasts because they're rehearsing.
They're getting ready for their role.
in narrative control, in the governance of people by mythology.
This guy's now auditioning for a higher position, just like they all are.
Series have gone on podcasts and things like that.
They always keep it to, like I told you, inferior talent is really good when they're carrying an inferior message.
And their message has always been the same.
They've never gone off.
So in that podcast, that's the first time you actually see, not the podcast.
It's funny that he can't see through the fake anti-vax movement of Mary Holland and Meryl Nass and Brian Hooker in the same way.
Like they haven't made any progress either.
Their message has never changed.
It's a big top 10 for health freedom.
They don't have any specific goals.
It's rise and resist, people over profits, truth over fear and courage, sorry, truth over lies and courage over fear for shit's sake.
The doctors.
putting it to the lobbyists.
And I said to Callie at the end of the podcast, I said, I'm perfectly happy with the audience making the determination for the reasons that I mentioned to you, Mike, earlier, that I believe the savages in the audience will look at that and go, the savages in the audience.
Is that like, is that supposed to make you feel good?
Is that supposed to make you feel good about yourself?
Should that make you feel good about using social media to learn from Jack Cruz?
What a cunt.
Sorry.
Wow.
All this stuff that's in my head is coming out right now.
I apologize.
Okay, I got it.
Now I understand what's going on.
Now, the reason I wanted to smoke him out is because I knew his sister wasn't going to get the Surgeon General job once this came out.
And if you want to know the truth,
Kali knew it too, because what did he immediately do that night?
He called Danny Jones and told Danny Jones, do not release this podcast anytime soon.
Because remember, when did they announce the Surgeon General?
It was in January.
Well,
That's when Susie Wiles came up with the idea, OK, let's put a place card holder and wait till all this dies down.
Do you know who Susie Wiles is?
Susie Wiles is the chief of staff for the Trump administration that nobody but Jack Krause talks about.
But now I think if he's on script, what he's going to do is try to explain to you that that lady represents big pharma.
So we're not gonna talk about anything else, even though there are corporations that are 10, 20, or even 100 times as big as pharma companies with much more profit and money to throw around.
We're gonna talk about big pharma being in control of Donald Trump's administration.
I also believe, my personal belief, if you look at what's going on with Danny's podcast, both of mine, the original one,
has over two million hits on all those platforms.
The second one was even more powerful than that, but it was algo suppressed.
Why?
Because of Susie's friends in big tech.
Those are the people that are behind, you know, KCMe.
Oh, big tech, that's okay then, that's better.
At least he's saying something besides pharmaceutical industry.
And she was hoping that if we could keep the lid on this, that nobody except a small part of the internet would ever
here, who he almost said it, nobody, but a small part of the internet would hear it.
So he's kind of aware that that's a possibility.
What he doesn't understand is that's a feature of the internet.
It's a feature of social media, that any particular message can be segmented and corralled into a corner of the internet effectively.
That is the primary way that the internet and social media are used against you.
It's not the algorithm.
It is flipping switches and programming the absence of things.
And so he's still saying it's the algorithm.
No, they just decided if they wanted to, then not see that video.
My guess is, is there would be no evidence of that if you looked at it.
And if anything, now that he's been able to say that, a bunch of people went to find it.
And so again, it's an illusion, because if you want to see what censorship looks like, you should look at the graphs for Housatonic Live's YouTube channel, one of which doesn't exist anymore.
And you should also look at the one for JC on a Bike, because it's remarkable.
I cannot gain subscribers.
It's not possible.
And it doesn't matter if I do five days a week for five weeks or 50 weeks, I will still have less than 4,000 subscribers because that's the way YouTube works.
And this guy is not a victim of it.
He is being promoted on YouTube.
this interview because this interview was not a good look for Callie at all.
It exposed him for what he really is, a lobbyist, and who he was working for and what his leaks were to both the WEF and also to A16Z.
I think it worked.
And then just lay in some groundwork there in case you need another hamster wheel, you can go Google that, that nonsense.
Mary took the bull by the horns when she posted her substack on April 22nd, that went into all the details.
Oh, the substack.
You got to look at the substack.
Don't forget that the truth is only available on X and substack.
It sounds like this guy might work for Peter Thiel and Elon Musk.
Go figure.
Maybe, maybe that's who Robert Malone works for.
of all the other influencers.
Like when you wanted to know when they named Casey why all the other influencers came out, didn't you find it amazing when you read Mary's sub stack that most of those influencers are actually in line for this huge payoff as well.
So remember, in Bitcoin world, what do we say?
Incentives dictate outcomes.
What else do we say?
Always verify, don't trust.
And that was the message, really, that I delivered.
Make sure you understand that none of these people are advocating for this strategy, including him.
Otherwise, they would be talking about ideas and not people.
We wouldn't be dropping names and calling things like foodie foodie and whatever.
We would have a specific set of objectives that we would be asking people to prioritize.
But that's not really what he's saying here, is he?
And of course he's pushing Bitcoin, which I, you know, I know there's people in my own group, in my own chat that also believe wholeheartedly in that technology.
I'm not so sure.
I think if you want my advice, you better buy dirt.
Or you can buy dirt and rent it to my family.
And that would also help me, but buy dirt.
Don't buy gold.
Don't buy Bitcoin, buy dirt.
Maybe you could buy a rural farm in Pennsylvania somewhere in the middle and rent it to my family.
We would take really good care of it and we'd make rent payment every month.
I don't know what you got from it.
I don't know what your audience got from it.
But I was the first one that outed them before anybody else.
Because I knew what the game was.
And the point that I'm trying to make to you is what I said to Malholtra.
or about Malhotra.
I made the correct diagnosis.
That's my point.
That's all I wanted people to know.
That to me, that's the single most important thing, because when people know that they can trust you, even if they don't like you, that's okay.
That's all that matters.
When you're
having surgery with a brain surgeon, you wanna make sure that that fucking guy can do the job to save your life.
You don't give two shits about anything else but that.
And that's the way it should be in regular life too.
All I'm doing now is brain surgery without a scalp.
He's doing brain surgery without a scalpel.
It's like Robert Malone saying that he was the disambiguation wizard a few years ago.
Like right when- Mary wasn't there.
Mary wasn't there.
Callie was very nervous.
And Callie, I didn't know this until I got there, because I was the first one that showed up.
When I showed up, there was armed police at the podcast.
And I said to Danny and Steve, who's his engineer, you know, because I had met these guys before.
I had done a podcast, I guess it was a month or six weeks before.
I'm like, what's the deal with all the cops and the weapons?
He goes, oh, well, Callie asked for that.
I'm like, really?
So I can tell you when he came and sat down, I think that was part of his NLP training from Edelman.
He was trying NLP training to get me off the game.
And the funny thing for me was, if this guy thinks his lobbying tactics are going to work with me, he's in for a rough couple of hours.
And I think you saw that develop.
I don't, I don't give a shit if Jesus Christ was sitting out in the hallway.
I came there with a task to show the world who he really was.
That's it.
And then the world makes a determination.
Like I already know, but you know, the, the funny part is Mike didn't know your audience didn't know.
Shannon joy didn't know.
Mary didn't know when Mary sat down, Mary was like, and I can tell you, I know that I made Mary uncomfortable.
with some of the things I did.
Did I have a discussion with Mary before I got there?
No.
I didn't even tell Mary of the things I found because I wanted her to be surprised.
And then when she found out what she found out, then what did she do?
Exactly what a Wolverine doctor does.
She's like, I'm going to go deeper.
I'm going to really dig into this now.
And that's what we've done.
That's the reason we have a problem.
with these two.
And you know, it's, it's, to me, it's actually even more ironic here.
Mary is the same specialty as Casey.
You think that Casey would have called Mary back?
They also went to the same medical school.
Do you think that no, nothing like radio silence, what does that tell you?
Like any doctor, like the regular audience here may not understand this, but when another doctor in your specialty calls you,
It's a big deal.
So the other day, Trump made a comment when I went on Lyndell TV to talk to Emerald Anderson about this.
Trump said that she was at Lyndell TV.
And now he's plugging Trump.
Is Trump good?
I bet Trump is really good.
The top of her class in this now.
I talked to the dude that was at the top of her class.
Turns out he's a neurosurgeon.
And boy, did he have a lot to say.
OK.
So I can tell you right now, she's a manufactured TV Surgeon General for big pharma.
That's who she is for big tech.
Callie is a lobbyist that's in place to make sure that Bobby Kennedy stays in amber.
That's the real story.
Bobby Kennedy stays in Amber?
Oh, here we go.
This is going to get rich.
Susie is the person, who's the puppeteer, who's being directed by the DOD, DARPA, and Big Pharma.
DOD, DARPA, and Big Pharma is directing the chief of staff of
the Trump administration and keeping him in amber, Mr. Kennedy.
Holy shit.
It's the hierarchy that is in Mahan.
When the conversation ended and Danny stopped recording, what was that conversation after?
Was there any talk?
Yeah.
First thing Callie did when he stood up, he said to me, he goes, okay, Jack, now that we've hashed this out, are you going to be nicer on Twitter and this and that?
And I said, yeah, I think when this goes live, everything will be fine.
I said, but now I'm on to your sister.
And he was stunned.
I told him, I said, I'm done with you.
Now I'm coming for your sister.
It's fake rivalry.
Why wasn't she, was she invited to that conversation?
I think Danny did extend the invite and she declined.
Why do you think that was?
Very, very fake scripted bullshit, ladies and gentlemen.
This is a team of performers.
He cited a few people.
A very curious one is this guy, one of the worst of all the worst ones.
One of his first podcasts was recording me, and then he put it behind a paywall.
And only after I exposed it did he, I never had it behind a paywall.
He did two recordings of me.
Both of them were behind a paywall.
He also put,
The other paywalled episode was Mike Eden, which at the time I thought was pretty shitty.
This guy Cruz mentions Robert Malone, not in a bad light.
Mentions Kevin McKernan, not in a bad light at all.
And of course mentions Bobby being held in amber by these people, these means twins and stuff.
They're bad guys.
It couldn't be these two behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
No, no, it's not them.
Those guys are good guys.
And so I am making the argument that the way we got here is because of Steve Bannon and a network of liars that he helped put together to support the possible presidential candidacy of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And this was already planned a long time ago with his good friend Tony Lyons when they put an epilogue in the back of Jesse Ventura's book that included
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
as an independent candidate that would then be the vice presidential candidate of somebody that would get shot.
And here we are in 2025, not that far away from that little silly story.
I think the biological forces that are behind the
fake anti-vax movement in America, maybe for a few years now, before the pandemic even was Kevin McKernan and Robert Malone.
Kevin McKernan was at a few places and on a few things that lead me to believe that he was probably in the background during this whole operation to try and build this fake anti-vax movement that included Suzanne Humphreys and Mary Holland.
and Meryl Nass.
I think these guys may have been behind them all along.
And then, of course, there are unwitting recruits that are just too dumb to know.
I think Brett Weinstein is one of those people.
They give him a script.
He reads it and thinks that if he reads it really well and contributes a few extra vocabulary words to the script, that he's doing a really good five-star job and his wife is
is I don't know she's just clueless I guess and I got connected to this guy by no less than Piper Stover somebody who spent like 10 years in China and for some reason nobody cared that I wrote a review with somebody like Piper Stover everybody just ignored that extra author on there and when I figured out
that I had been played for five months while that review was being written.
She was giving it to him and giving it to him and giving it to him.
And eventually after the review was written, somehow or another, this guy would contact me and say he wanted to be on my stream.
And then a few weeks later, Charles Rixey would show up at my house.
All conveniently at the end of the murder.
Ladies and gentlemen, sculpted bullshit for what?
That's really the question, and you gotta really be willing to answer that it's for murder and lies.
They used murder and lies in America to convince the world that this pandemic happened.
They used murder and lies in America and a myth about autism spectrum disorder to make sure that your children will never question intramuscular injection as a methodology, virology as a science, or public health as a reason and an answer.
The same thing that they did with the pandemic to reinforce those same myths, to make sure that these same questions are never asked, is gain of function and pandemics.
Once you start to understand that no one's been able to say this except for me,
despite them being on the job a lot longer.
You know, like Polly Tommy on the job a lot longer, doesn't seem to figure it out yet because she's part of this.
She's part of this very, very malevolent narrative control grid.
And wittingly or unwittingly, these people are participating and they need to be shown.
You need to be able to see them because we are at a time point where a national security priority extends across national borders.
A national security priority extends across generational borders.
And it's a national security priority that has been running in the background for much longer than any of us have been aware.
And if you want to know how long, I think one of the best places to find out is to look at Mark Housatonic, Mark Kulak's work on Housatonic ITS.
Get off social media if you can.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
goals to win.
We're just halfway done, Susie.
Don't go anywhere.
We got a new show set up.
You've been gone for a while.
I do the intro in the middle.
so so
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Good afternoon, actually.
It's 1.28 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Welcome to GigaOM Biological's second half.
This is a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist by the name of Jonathan Cooey out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I'm coming to you live out of the back of my garage.
I was a former scientific advisor to Robert F. Kennedy Jr., also a staff scientist at Children's Health Defense.
I've got a big fan in the name of Jessica Hockett who uses my ideas on her substack, Woodhouse76, to have fake arguments with Claire Craig and Pierre Cory and Mike Eden and Jay Bhattacharya.
I've actually been to a few barbecues with Jay Bhattacharya.
He likes me a lot.
I'm his, I'm his, used to be his favorite biologist, but I'm not anymore apparently.
Sorry about that loud music.
This is giga ohm biological if you want to share the stream, please go to stream giga ohm bio And if you want a notification, please go to giga ohm HQ at proton dot me with your own email address You can also send a self-addressed stamped envelope to PO box 802 in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania and get a sticker or two and even a velcro backed patch Yesterday I covered this slide deck
There we go.
Oh, no, they're not set up.
I have to do that.
Sorry.
I'm gonna do that right now I'm gonna leave that up there while I set this up What do I need to do I have to turn this on
Oh, that's on.
Oh, I have that already.
Um, so yesterday, uh, I read a little list of things that I'm going to flash up on the screen again.
Um, and, and you can go back to yesterday's show and find that right after the music, just like I put it here.
Um,
I've been asked a few times to summarize my points a little bit and of course there are no citations here.
I'm a biology coach and the things that I'm coaching you about are available widely.
It would be a bit like trying to convince you to believe that basketball is a sport and then me needing to actually tell you how to find it.
You can go out and find it yourself.
This biology is something that at this stage, because we understand it as well as we do, and we can explain it as well as we do, you can go out and find it yourself.
And that's why I keep referring to myself as a biology coach rather than a biology teacher or a biologist or something like that.
For you and for my viewers, for my students, I want to be a biology coach for my upcoming high school students, my incoming freshman students that I'm going to teach this summer.
I want you guys to think of yourselves as more like
athletes and me as your coach.
So the first thing you need to realize is that a lot of countries on earth don't have a way out.
All the countries of the EU, they don't have a way out.
They're gonna have to actually physically remove themselves from the EU or they have no way out.
And the Canadians, they have no way out.
There's no legislative mechanism, no loophole.
There is no exhaust port the size of a womp rat that you can shoot a couple photon torpedoes down and blow up the Death Star.
In Canada, there is no two meter exhaust port that you can throw proton torpedoes down and blow up the Death Star.
and blow up the Death Star of the EU.
There just isn't.
But in America, we have a constitution, and that constitution provides a couple exhaust ports through which we could, with the right set of circumstances, the right case, the right federal judge, the right circumstances, created by a smart and tactical lawyer.
we could expose the PrEP Act as unconstitutional and leave it up to a single judge to strike the law.
That would be a great start toward progressing ourselves out of this mess.
But we will still be trapped in the currency hole that we're in.
We'll still be trapped with the infrastructure problems that we have, and we will still be trapped in the same population pyramid.
But that was what this text was about, about getting the PrEP Act struck for unconstitutionality.
Next thing, virology is a fraud, but it's fraudulently presented and fraudulently represented.
It's not fraud in the sense of there's no biology there.
And so I tried to explain that yesterday with this distinct little diagram or text.
And RNA not being able to pandemic can be expanded a little bit.
But if you want to do the requisite homework, you need to go to the primary literature and read about Remdesivir and see who the authors are.
Then you need to read about XON and see who the authors are, and then try to understand that the only evidence for pandemics was created by the very same people that we are now identifying as just actors.
Peter Daszak is not real.
He's someone that was recruited at roughly the same time that Andrew Wakefield was recruited.
That's why they have a publication record with regard to irritable bowel syndrome and the measles virus.
It's not by accident.
They actually had to work very hard to separate their narratives so that they could play opposite roles in the Scooby-Doo.
and they have to keep them segregated.
That's why the fake anti-vax movement of Mary Holland and Meryl Nass and Brian Hooker have not been able to draw the very easy line between Andrew Wakefield and Peter Daszak and how it can't be possible that they used to be colleagues and now they're on opposite ends of a Scooby-Doo mystery about a lab leak virus.
It's not possible.
But even the no-virus people, the brilliant Andy Kaufman or the multiple book-writing Baileys from New Zealand haven't been able to see that America seems to be under the spell of a couple shitheads on both sides of the narrative about a fake virus.
We'll just write books about fake viruses and how there's no contagion, but we won't actually try to save America from being trapped by foreign invaders.
You know, like the Iranian at the head of U.S.
Emirate, or the Australian at the head of DITRA, or the German couple at the head of the Rocky Mountain Laboratory, for goodness sakes.
No, we wouldn't want to talk about any of that.
We have to focus on Tony Fauci and Peter Daszak.
And the reason why they don't is because it's all part of one malevolent narrative.
If the DoD and DARPA are doing anything, they have controlled this narrative and created the illusion of a pandemic out of a pre-existing anticipated phenomenon in the population pyramid.
It's a magnificent trick.
And so PCR is not a valid diagnostic because it's not being used as it's used on an academic bench.
And all the academic biologists in America and around the Western world should have been able to figure this out by now if it wasn't for the fact that social media is weaponized against them.
Because anybody that hears me explain it, that actually has the requisite knowledge to understand it, it immediately snaps in their head.
That's why they can't let me talk to college professors.
That's why they have to keep me away from them.
And they put Kevin McKernan in front of those people.
They put Del Bigtree in front of those people.
They put Robert Malone and Mary Holland in front of those people.
And social media allows that.
It's not because they're in lots of conferences that I'm not.
It's because social media does that.
It can be the difference between 3000 people seeing you and 3 million people seeing you.
And there's no amount of virality involved in it.
And so the FDA should have evaluated every diagnostic product as a separate medical device.
And that's the main reason why they needed control of the FDA now is to make sure that nobody was there to look back on the disaster that is PCR and think, wow, are we still using this for something?
But of course we are.
Even the measles outbreak
in Texas is being defined by PCR and the only effective resistance to it, you know, like Pauly Tommy and Brian Hooker on the VSRF podcast with Steve Kirsch, do not question PCR at all.
They don't question PCR at all.
They say that they are identifying measles
posthumously, like posthumously, like, you know, like after death.
And they don't argue about it.
They don't question it.
And that's how you can see that this illusion is being sustained by this fake anti-vax movement that will never question the foundational myths of the pandemic, which are still in existence and probably are providing
a system-wide level of fraud there that is the remnant stream that the freaking Human Genome Project has always wanted.
This is a national security priority to flip us from sovereign individuals to experimental animals and community members.
And they're going to use this anti-vax vaccine, you know,
pandemic narrative to do that.
And they need to do it to your kids, not you.
Your kids have to believe this shit.
And so if we don't mount a real rescue mission for our grandchildren by trying to rescue our children from the social media control of their brain,
and teach them never, never to accept intramuscular injection, never to accept virology, and never to accept public health as a reason and an answer.
Our children will be enslaved because people like Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan are being paid very well to do it.
It is a national security priority.
And so yeah, the DOD is definitely involved, but it's so much bigger than that because there are countries involved.
NATO is involved.
Ladies and gentlemen, that's the only explanation for Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan for betting in this space.
So this scripted bullshit goes on.
I just want you to see how bad it is, and then we'll end the show for today.
Check this out.
This is another podcast.
This is the one from yesterday.
We're going raw and live.
Good to see you.
Vinay Prasad and Sangela J. Nagpal.
Great to have you here.
What in the hell?
Of course, this is a conversation.
This is not a show or really a podcast.
This is just a conversation.
Hold on a second.
I think I made a mistake here and there's like two videos.
Let me check.
uh video format selection pane yes that's correct two videos are here we don't want that animation that needs to go where oh okay playback automatically and then that goes up there and then we are good to go sorry about that
We don't even need a countdown.
We're going raw and live.
Good to see you.
Vinay Prasad and Sanjula J. Nagpal.
Great to have you here.
And of course, this is a conversation.
So they're doing like podcasts every few days, which suggests to me that they don't have a lot of other things to do.
And what suggests to me even more that they don't have a lot of things to do is this podcast and the content of it.
These are professional bullshitters that I guess Jack Krause doesn't care about at all.
He's more concerned about Callie and Casey Means.
He's not at all worried about the foreign clown show at the head of the FDA.
The only regulatory agency that could reverse the foundation of the pandemic myth is now headed by a bunch of posers.
And they're doing podcasts as part of their duty to the American people.
Stop lying.
Oh my gosh, this is infuriating.
Not a show or really a podcast, this is just a conversation.
We were in my office chatting and we said, hey, let's just walk out to the chairs and just have this conversation on the cameras.
so we can be transparent and the glass box that we are.
People really appreciate these conversations because too often the FDA was completely opaque, that black box, and now we're just having these conversations on camera, talking about whatever we're working on this week and into the future, and letting the American public know directly.
I mean, this guy makes Peter Marks look like Albert Einstein, and I don't mean with the hair.
It's remarkable.
Our thoughts on that.
and there is the FDA with all the scientists busy at work, and it's just been awesome getting to know so many of them.
Really impressive people.
Brilliant people.
I mean, I have learned, I made a joke that I've learned more in two weeks than I learned in two years.
I mean, I'm talking to people all the time who are educating me on topics that I had only scratched the surface on, and you think you know a topic deep, there's depths beyond that.
There's oceans beyond that.
Oceans of subspecialization, and it's,
It's kind of cool.
It's an intellectual feast.
We're never going to talk about the oceans of bacteriophages in the background, though, are we, Angela?
That is for sure.
I mean, yesterday alone, I mean, I was just thinking on my drive home.
I mean, I learned so many things that I thought I knew something about just a little bit and completely changed my mind.
And I'm excited to talk about some of that today, too.
And the vaccine framework, which has been out now for a day.
So we've been absorbing what some of the response and feedback to it and
It's been, I think, overall very positive.
How would you describe what you've seen?
I've been inundated with emails.
Emails, text messages, phone calls from all of the doctors I trained with at University of Chicago and Northwestern and the National Cancer Institute and OHSU and UCSF, as well as my European colleagues.
And I would say the overwhelming majority
are telling me, boy, finally a return to a common sense, evidence-based framework.
You really struck the perfect balance between making the product available to a huge group of Americans, but also getting the evidence we need.
And I think they think we threaded the needle nicely.
And we are now no longer a contrarian nation.
We're in line with all of Western Europe, which has been doing this for a long time.
The European doctors are like, what took you so long?
My Canadian family members are finally like, great, now we don't have to think about what's different.
My Canadian family members.
There's too much maha in Canada, too much overlap.
They used Canada against us.
They used Canadians on social media against us.
There's this little bald, it's Malik, not Malik, it's not Merrick.
Malice?
I mean, come on.
This is all a joke to me now.
It's really gross.
And if America doesn't wake up to how we have been Trojan-horsed, and that there are no Americans in control anymore, we have a very big problem on our hands.
And all the Americans that are in control have a tattoo of the Israeli flag on their back.
when we come visit you.
We are no longer an international outlier in regulation of COVID vaccine boosters.
Yeah, but Vinay, I have to commend you.
I mean, the way that you presented the framework really struck a great balance of kind of that scientific technical discussion, but also in a way that my grandmother could understand.
I think those figures in the paper were really helpful because I've been following both.
I bet her grandmother doesn't know what equipoise means.
Holy shit.
because it worked for years.
And even for me, a lot of things really connected when I heard you present it yesterday.
It just, it made so much sense.
I am like, wow, how did I not know this before?
Well, I think that's really kind of you to say.
And I've actually learned a lot from watching Marty over the years, because I think he's been an expert communicator from before I was in this business.
But I think it is something you have to work at, which is that you go from talking to scientists where you speak a certain way to trying to make that more accessible to everybody, which means take out the jargon, substitute plain words insofar as possible, try to make simple visual images that walk through the core of the problem, as simple as possible, but no simpler.
And that's what we were trying to do in that talk.
I mean, to your point about learning every day, right?
I mean, even though I'm in this world, I'm less on the clinical side.
I think the most important thing to see here as an American is that this is insulting to you.
That these are supposedly the adults that we're supposed to look up to now, that your kids are supposed to look up to.
You should be insulted.
You should be pissed.
That there are hundreds of Americans more qualified than these people.
Hundreds of Americans more qualified than these people.
And I can say it like that because none of these people are American.
None of these people are American.
Like I am.
Even like my kids are.
How do we have right now a naturalized citizen at the head of the FDA?
How do we have now a naturalized citizen at Siebert?
How do we now have somebody with Canadian family?
I mean, this is absurd only if you understand how bad it is, because we have a foreigner at the head of US Amerit, a foreigner at the head of DITRA, and a foreigner at the head of the Rocky Mountain Laboratories for quite some time now.
And they're all attached to Robert Malone.
They're all attached to this Ralph Baric narrative because they don't want you to say any of those names.
Robert Malone definitely doesn't want you to say David Hone.
He wants you to say Davis Hone.
I didn't know when the end point was until yesterday, and I finally understood the difference between surrogate and non-surrogate.
Wow, that's a big bomb you just dropped there to the world.
Totally qualified for her post though, right?
Totally qualified.
The way you explain it, and so a lot of great enthusiasm for the framework.
I think a lot of the scientific community is really celebrating, wow, that we're finally following the science.
But I was scanning some of the various headlines and all of the others, and there's always going to be critiques and pushback.
In both directions, I'll have you know.
I saw some people saying, like, what's wrong with them?
They didn't yank all these shots off the market tomorrow.
And I saw some people saying, what's wrong with them?
They're not giving us a booster every six months in perpetuity for the rest of our lives.
In some ways, all great compromises make extreme positions unhappy.
I mean, it's the nature of compromise and pragmatism is that we're aiming for the middle for most Americans, you know, but yeah.
Yeah, but by my assessment, there's kind of kind of two themes of those comments, right?
There's kind of two camps that I think are emerging.
There's someone with a camera and someone is moving the camera.
So people are being paid to produce this shit.
One is I would call the blind boosters in perpetuity.
So let's call that the blind strategy.
And then the other is more of that evidence-based strategy.
Would you?
Would you both agree with that?
Yeah, I think we're in the evidence-based camp.
I mean, I think the idea that we should recommend a booster for healthy people in perpetuity, that is, a young girl born today in her average lifespan will get 80 of these COVID boosters, that is a theory, okay?
And with hepatitis B, the number ends up being two or three.
HPV, the number ends up being two or three, depending on your age.
With MMR, the number ends up being two in the United States, one in some other countries.
And so somebody can make an argument just to keep going with MMR annually for the rest of your life, but there's a general recognition
that you sort of optimize your cellular immunity after a certain number.
And so there's still a scientific unknown.
That is, is the blind boosters in perpetuity with no clinical trial?
And let's be honest, that's what some people are suggesting.
Are you stunned yet?
Are you stunned at the lack of depth and understanding, the lack of insight, the lack of progress in five years after having spent all those hours streaming with ZDogg?
They still don't know jack shit.
Wow.
We do not do any more randomized trials and just keep going forever in infinity.
I might have to escape for a second.
With boosters every year.
There's so many problems.
Having a little crash problem.
Yeah, of course.
Which I guess is a nice way of putting what had been the status quo for a long time.
Among those problems is, why only once a year?
I hope it's not messing with the stream at all.
Why not every three months?
Or every four months?
Man, oh man, it's maddening.
Or every six months?
And why not 18 months?
You know, it's also sort of random.
Yeah, I don't know why that works like that.
Sometimes it doesn't work.
I could go on with that, I guess, but I won't.
It's been a long, strange trip, ladies and gentlemen.
That's all I can really express it as.
A long, strange trip.
And I need some lunch.
So, you know, if you don't understand the trap you're in, then you're not going to get out.
And if you don't understand how these people were put in place,
and auditioned and were selected and are now placeholding like Ronald McDonald or the guy in the mouse suit at Chuck E. Cheese, then you're not seeing the danger that America is in.
We have been infiltrated by traitors, and these people are lying to us about it.
They are lying about their motives and who's put them there.
And I don't know the answer from everything I've read is that this RNA exists, you can capture it, you can sequence it, you can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
But what I can tell you as an American is that these people in the middle here, especially Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan are two key players in this illusion.
There are lots of other American traders that I could mention, but they have less of a role in the maintenance of the narrative.
They just do what they're told.
Their Substack puts out whatever they let them put out.
You don't even have to attribute Substack to the author anymore.
You can just assume that they could be putting AI articles out on anything they wanted to because they have been using Substack as a training tool for their chatbots already for a long time.
And so Robert Malone might put out one article a week and five of them might be produced by a chat bot that already uses his previous writing to write something similar.
And he just has to give it a few other articles and say, write something like this for me.
And that's not magic.
That's just machine learning and brute force and that being used against you.
And so you should be afraid of it, but you should be afraid of it if it is weaponized against you using liars that represent it as real.
Not if it's just AI, it's when liars use it.
And when liars work together, because then it's very, very difficult to win.
And so you're in condition that we will not call autism.
We're not going to like the word autism.
Um, he was vaccine damage.
We're not going to change Brian hooker either, unless we wake him up and he breaks free, but he's part of this script.
He is going to release the Simpson wood data, which will show that autism is more prevalent in black kids.
And that will be part of a another, you know, knocking another layer of the foundation out.
and undermining the trust in America's government even more.
And only half of America will believe that narrative, of course, because Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and his accolades will be the delivery mechanism.
Donald Trump will be the delivery mechanism.
And so this fracture is going to continue, and they're going to continue to use these people as pawns, and they will continue to use you
insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
If you let them use you, they will use you.
Transfections rather than vaccines.
And they will stand in front of you for years.
They will deny your existence for years if they are a part of this.
And Brett Weinstein and Heather Haying had all of my tutelage for almost a whole year and knew everything that you know now, but didn't tell you.
and in fact slow rolled it because they are part of this national security narrative control on the internet.
These people were put in place to curate a narrative to make sure the damage from transfection could be effectively blamed on the novel virus and specifically the spike protein, as you heard Dr. Jordan Vaughn say two days ago in front of our Congress.
And the way they do it is just like that.
They put you in front of five people,
Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy.
You see those eyeballs pop out right there?
I couldn't believe what he was saying when he said it.
And I had seven minutes to present what I thought, and then these people all confused me afterward.
They all know who I am.
I have recordings of Jessica Rose telling me that my story about the clones kept her up at night, and she's sure that's what happened.
JJ!
JJ, are you going to tell them about the mixed tape analogy?
Because that really worked for me.
I'm mad, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm mad.
I'm really mad.
I'm mad because I've been played.
I'm mad because they use me to play a lot of people, including my friend, Nathan, who's dead.
And I want some revenge.
I want some justice.
I want something to happen.
I want somebody to wake up.
I want America to wake up because the right is trapped.
The left is trapped.
We're all trapped.
And so, you know, we're trapped because we use social media the way we do.
The left probably doesn't know who Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan are.
And if you see my stream and you're on the left, what you should be thinking is, wow, do they have a whole nother set of actors for the conservative side of America?
And I'm watching a set of actors on the progressive side of America.
And could it be that they're both the same malevolent show?
I've never thought about that before, but that's what my message is.
Donald Trump and the Trump administration is mostly composed of Democrats.
The only one you have to believe is not a Democrat is Trump.
And the whole illusion is sustained.
All you have to do is go back to that one dunk where Hillary says something about the tax code and Donald Trump says, that makes me smart.
All of your friends do it.
That was a dunk that was scripted.
And once you see that as scripted, and the near miss in Butler, Pennsylvania as scripted, and the independent candidacy of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
as scripted by Tony Lyons in 2008, then you can see where we are.
We are in the midst of a coup, so to speak.
American government is out of our control, ladies and gentlemen.
The American government is out of your control.
And I don't think Big Pharma has control of it.
I don't think the DOD has control of it.
I think the national security state is one malevolent group of people, of insiders, that when they decide the fire alarm has been pulled, they are willing to lie about what they're actually doing.
They have been chosen because they are willing to lie about what they're actually doing and not look behind the curtain.
And those people have been put in place in all of these organizations so that they are all essentially traps where nobody will effectively get out.
The same way that social media is used against you, those organizations are used against you.
They're part of the same malevolent symphony.
And the theme that runs through this malevolent symphony is this bad biology.
It's you're a consequence of your genes.
Racism.
Evolution because DNA.
And we can get rid of that by teaching our kids something different.
We can get rid of that by teaching our kids that endemicity is a myth.
They've taken an irreducibly complex background and told us a cartoon story because this is about all the grandchildren of Earth.
That's why there's an anti-vax movement that's actually fake in America and why none of these people seem to be aware of it.
None of these people on the internet seem to be aware of the fact that America is being attacked and destroyed by a health freedom movement that has been faked for two decades and has its roots in the UK and in Peter Daszak, Polly Tommy, and Andrew Wakefield.
It's remarkable.
It's remarkable that these people don't see that this goes all the way back to Hilary Koprowski and Stanley Plotkin and Maurice Hilleman and all these guys
who established this narrative and this mythology.
The maintainers of it now are just acolytes.
They're stooges.
This irreducibly complex background has been reduced to a single signal by non-specific PCR tests.
It's a fraud.
It's a global fraud because using their tests to find their ghost does not make their ghost real or does it make you a ghostbuster?
Thank you very much for being here, ladies and gentlemen.
Thanks for tolerating my long shows.
And please share them.
Have a great weekend.
I don't know if I'll be online or not.
I think I'm going to make my first JC on the hardwood video again this weekend.
I'm feeling it.
I'll see how I feel tomorrow.
But I think I'm going to shoot the first one again.
I made my 8,000th jump shot.
in the last 100 days or so yesterday, which is kind of cool.
I've been shooting a lot.
I think I've taken... I can show you right now.
I can show you on the app.
It'll show you how many shots I've taken and how many I've made since I started preparing for the...
for the transition to JC on the hardwood.
So I'm going to show you the app that I have on my phone for this thing.
Can I do that now like this?
Yes.
So never mind the camera taking pictures.
I've been there 108 days in the last roughly three and a half months.
My shot percentage is 52% and I've made 8,193 shots out of 15,661 taken.
Every one of those shots is a jump shot.
And here's my arc and depth and left and right.
I'm doing okay.
And if you look at the history, it's kind of cool.
It'll even give you the last workout and it'll give you where all the shots were, where you were shooting from.
It's really, really slick.
And so I've improved a lot.
I'm in a lot better shape after 14,000 shots.
I trust me on that.
I'm in a lot better shape.
And so I won't make such a huff and puff of myself on the hard way.
I'm looking forward to it.
Thanks for being here.
See you guys again soon.
Have a great weekend.